# Sysrtem_Analysis_And_Design

System analysis and design is all about understanding your clients needs and designing a program around those needs. For this project, I worked with a client that wanted to create a program called DriverPass. A web-based program that will allow its users to set up driving reservations, signup and take practice driving tests, or quizzes, and overall just help their user base pass their driving test. One of the things I did particularly well was analyze my clients needs and requirements which can be seen on the business requirements document.
This is essential in any project, mainly because if the clients requirements are not met you can just say the project is a failure no matter what. If there was one thing I could revise and update on this project, it would have to be some of the diagrams in the system design document. I would just want to add some more details, especially with the UML class diagram, and just overall clean up the diagrams to be more visually pleasing. 
I interpreted the users needs in my design by taking what the client told me they want their users to be able to do, and imagined what a user would need out of this system to be functional. I know the client decides what the system mainly does, but there are functions a systme must be able to do to run properly and smoothly without the client mentioning them. These non-functional requirements are what we have to think about while designing any project.
One of the easiest ways to approach designing projects is to creat various diagrams like the ones in the system design document. Having a visual representation not only helps us the developers, but also anyone involved with the project to better visulalize and understand our goal with the project.
